Project 2 - Wedding Page

This project started as an extension of Project 1. I decided to use what I had learned in order to make a page for our upcoming wedding - and to use that page for my second project. The page was set up to help guests with directions and give them some information. We included the address on our "Save-The-Date" cards which we mailed a few weeks ago - so in a way, I had an earlier due date than the one in class. Once I started to make the page, I realized how easy it is to design a page when you have a definite audience in mind. The page would be looked at by our friends and relatives - many of whom are probably not too computer savvy. I also had some color scheme ideas (the color scheme matches the invitations) and a lot of content to use. It is much easier to make a site when you have a definite audience and reason - and that is something that will help me as I work on other sites in the future. Basically, the more specific the page, the easier it was to work on it. I am happy with the design.

A lot of the problems I had when working on the site are similar to the first project - I got bogged down with features, some of which I ended up not using - but their remnants are still floating around in the page. I tried to go through and pick out everything I could - but I am sure some old code is still in there. I also had some problems with trial and error again - and restarted the page nearly from scratch at least twice because of them. The first time, I realized that making the entire background a dark red color (with a white div that would contain all the content on top of it) made it much easier to design. The second time, I switched my media query from max-width to min-width. Both of these reboots made the page much easier to manage - and will be good to know in the future.

The site also suffers from "div-itis" which I hope to correct. It is not quite as lean as I would like it to be - but it does validate, and for the most part I think I did a good job of keeping the code pretty simple. I also would have liked to add another media query in between full screen and mobile - but had some trouble implementing it. I am happy enough with the mobile version (the original version) that I think it works okay for now, though. 

Overall, I am happy with the design, and have receieved many compliments from family and friends who have seen it.


